**01 图书馆学习安静好**
**Where do you like to study?**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="嗯，我更喜欢在图书馆学习，因为它使我学习效率更高。">Well, I prefer to study in the library because it allows me to study more efficiently.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="图书馆里很安静，所以我可以专心任务 像读书，写论文，准备考试。这有助于我快速完成所有工作。">It's very quiet in the library, so I can focus on tasks like reading books, writing papers, and preparing for exams. This helps me finish everything quickly. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="另一方面，如果我在宿舍学习，可能会很吵。">On the other hand, if I study in my dorm, it can be very noisy. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我的一些室友可能在电话里大声说话，而其他人可能在弹吉他或做其他会产生噪音的事情。">Some of my roommates might be talking loudly on the phone, while others might be playing the guitar or doing something else that creates noise. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这使我很容易分心，很难集中注意力。">This makes it easy for me to get distracted and hard to concentrate.</span>

易错：Some of my roommates might be talking loudly on the phone, while others might be playing the guitar or <span class="cloze-span">doing something else</span> that<span class="cloze-span"> creates noise</span>. 

**02 题目问啥我爱啥**
**If you have the chance to go to the outer space, will you go or not?**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="如果我有机会去外太空，我一定会去，因为我热爱天文学，我确实想成为一名天文学家将来。">Well, if I have the chance to go to outer space, I would definitely go because I love astronomy and I actually want to be an astronomer in the future.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="如果我能做到这一点，我将能够体验到许多令人兴奋的事情，比如一个没有重力的世界">If I could do this, I would be able to experience a lot of exciting things, like a world without gravity</span>, and <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我会看到一些美丽的星云，特别是蟹状星云，这是我最喜欢的。">I would get to see some beautiful nebulae, especially the Crab Nebula, which is my favorite.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="而且，我觉得如果我足够幸运，我甚至可能会遇到一些外星人，这将是非常棒的。">Also, I think if I'm lucky enough, I might even meet some aliens, which would be fantastic.</span>

在这句话中使用 "could" 和 "would" 而不是 "can" 和 "will" 是因为这是一个与现实情况相反的假设，属于虚拟语气
**03 参加比赛得奖棒**
**Talk about a positive even and the result.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="当我还是大一新生的时候，我加入了校园里的一个音乐俱乐部，因为我喜欢唱歌。">Well, when I was a freshman, I joined a music club on campus because I love singing.</span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我报名参加了校园里的歌唱比赛。"> I signed up for a singing competition on campus. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="因为这是我的第一次，我非常紧张。但是为了做好工作，我每天都努力练习。">Since it was my first time, I was extremely nervous. But in order to do a good job, I practiced hard every day.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我每天在学校至少花四个小时练习跳舞、唱歌和背歌词。">I spent at least four hours a day at school practicing dancing, singing, and memorizing lyrics. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="令我惊讶的是，我获得了一等奖，这真的很令人兴奋，我真的为自己感到骄傲。">To my surprise, I won first prize, which was really exciting, and I was really proud of myself.</span>

**04 要死了要死了要死了**
**Students should take a year off before entering college.**


<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="嗯，我认为学生在进入大学之前休学一年是个好主意。">Well, I think it's a good idea for students to take a year off before entering college.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这个休息可以帮助他们放松。你知道，学生们在高中都很忙。他们每天至少要在学校花10个小时上课、做作业、准备考试等等，这让他们压力很大。">This break can help them relax. You know, students are very busy in high school. They have to spend at least 10 hours a day at school attending classes, doing homework, preparing for exams, and so on, which makes them pretty stressed out. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="因此，如果他们可以休假一年，他们可以旅行，欣赏美丽的风景，品尝美味的食物，并认识新朋友。这绝对能帮助他们放松。">Therefore, if they could take a year off, they could travel, enjoy beautiful scenery, taste delicious food, and meet new friends.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这绝对能帮助他们放松。因此，一旦进入大学，他们将能够更好地专注于学业。">This would definitely help them relax. As a result, they would be able to focus better on their schoolwork once they enter college.</span>

**05 老师上课有意思**
**Talk about most your favorite teacher.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="嗯，我最喜欢的老师是我的历史老师王先生。我喜欢他，因为她的课很有趣。他总是讲笑话，安排游戏，或要求我们组成小组讨论或演示。">Well, my favorite teacher is my history teacher, Mr. Wang. I like him because her classes are very interesting. He always tells jokes, arranges games, or asks us to form groups for discussions or presentations. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这样，我可以积极参与课堂，学得更好。">This way, I can get actively involved in the class and learn better. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="另一方面，其他一些老师的课有点无聊。他们中的一些人负责所有的谈话，而其他人只是给我们看幻灯片，并要求我们写下所有的东西。因此，我会分心，有时甚至在课堂上睡着了。">On the other hand, some other teachers' classes are a bit boring. Some of them do all the talking, while others just show us slides and ask us to write everything down. As a result, I get distracted and sometimes even fall asleep in those classes.</span>

**06 捐款传播正能量**
**A/D: Celebrities such as athletes and singers are good examples for young people**
Well,<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我同意名人是年轻人的好榜样的说法，因为他们中的许多人致力于慈善事业，比如捐款。"> I agree with the statement that celebrities are good examples for young people because many of them devote themselves to charities, such as making donations. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="钦佩他们的年轻人更有可能做同样的事情。">Young people who admire them are more likely to do the same. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="例如，上个月，四川发生了地震，数百人受伤。当这件事发生时，中国著名歌手周杰伦捐赠了10万美元。">For example, last month, there was an earthquake in Sichuan, and hundreds of people were injured. When this happened, Jay Chou, a famous singer in China, donated 100 thousand dollars.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我是他的超级粉丝，所以当我在电视上看到这条新闻时，我也捐了一些零花钱。">I'm a big fan of his, so when I saw this news on TV, I also donated some of my pocket money.</span>

**07 家有贱狗没人看**
**A/D : people can get happiness from helping others.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我同意人们可以从帮助他人中获得幸福的说法。">Well, I agree with the statement that people can get happiness from helping others. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这是因为帮助别人可以给他们一种成就感，这种成就感可以让他们成为更好的人。">This is because helping others gives them a sense of achievement, which can make them better people. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="例如，上周，我的邻居史密斯先生不得不去日本参加一个商务会议。他很担心，因为没有人能照顾他的狗，他不想把它留在宠物店里。当我发现后，我提出要帮助他。他很开心，这也让我很开心。">For example, last week, my neighbor, Mr. Smith, had to go to Japan for a business meeting. He was worried because nobody could take care of his dog, and he didn't want to leave it at a pet shop. When I found out, I offered to help him. He was very happy, which made me happy as well.</span>

**08 种树汽车爱环保**
**How to reduce air pollution ?**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我认为减少空气污染的一个方法是植树。树木可以通过光合作用吸收二氧化碳并释放氧气，使空气更加清洁。">Well, I think one way to reduce air pollution is by planting trees. Trees can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen through a process known as photosynthesis, making the air much cleaner. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="此外，我认为人们应该选择乘坐公共交通工具，如地铁或公共汽车。">Besides, I think people should choose to take public transportation like subways or buses. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这将减少路上私家车的数量，从而减少大气中的二氧化碳、二氧化硫和一氧化氮。因此，空气质量将得到改善。">This would reduce the number of private cars on the road, leading to less carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and nitrogen monoxide in the atmosphere. As a result, the air quality would improve.</span>

**09 勤工俭学事业线**
**A/D:students should take a year off to work before entering college.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我认为学生在进入大学之前应该休学一年去工作，因为这可以帮助他们决定他们的专业。">I think students should take a year off to work before entering college because it can help them decide their major.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="通过这种方式，他们可以发现自己对什么感兴趣，擅长什么。">In this way, they can find out what they are interested in and what they are good at. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="以我为例: 在我进入大学之前，我在一所语言培训学校做兼职教学助理，在那里我教了一群孩子一些基本的语法和英语单词。我发现这样做很有趣，所以进入大学后，我选择了教育作为我的专业。">Take me for example: before I entered university, I worked as a part-time teaching assistant at a language training school, where I taught a bunch of kids some basic grammar and English words. I found it very interesting to do this, so after I entered college, I chose education as my major.</span>

**10 上网购物方便多**
**Where do you like to go shopping?**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="嗯，我喜欢上网购物，因为它很方便。我的意思是，我可以呆在家里，选择我想买的东西，像书和其他东西，然后在线支付。">Well, I like to go shopping on the Internet because it's very convenient. I mean, I can just stay at home, choose the items I want to buy, like books and other things, and then pay online. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="在那之后，我可以简单地等待我的包裹到家。">After that, I can simply wait for my package to arrive at home. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="另一方面，如果我去购物中心购物，我必须开一个小时的车到最近的购物中心，在那里度过一整天，从一家商店到另一家，这是浪费时间。">On the other hand, if I go shopping at a shopping center, I have to drive an hour to get to the nearest one and spend the whole day there, going from one store to another, which is a waste of time.</span>

**11 推荐饺子意义大**
**If a foreigner comes to your country, what kind of food will you recommend?**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="如果一个外国人来到中国，我会向他们推荐中国饺子，因为它是一种具有悠久历史的传统中国食品。">Well, if a foreigner comes to China, I would recommend Chinese dumplings to them because it is a traditional Chinese food with a long history.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="中国人喜欢在重要的节日里吃饺子，特别是在春节期间，因为饺子象征着家庭团聚、财富和幸福。">Chinese people love to eat dumplings during important festivals and holidays, especially during the Spring Festival, as they symbolize family reunion, wealth, and happiness. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我可以和我的外国朋友分享这一切，帮助他们更好地了解中国的文化和历史。当他们回到家乡的时候，他们可以和朋友们分享这段经历。">I could share all this with my foreign friend to help them gain a better understanding of Chinese culture and history. When they go back to their hometown, they could share this experience with their friends.</span>

**13 论文布置立马写**
**Start writing papers right away or wait until deadline.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我更愿意马上开始写我所有的论文，因为这对我有好处。">Well, I prefer to start writing all my papers right away because this is beneficial for me. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="通过这样做，我有更多的时间去准备，比如去图书馆读书或上网收集数据。">By doing so, I have more time to prepare, such as going to the library to read books or getting online to collect data.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="如果我遇到任何问题，我可以向教授求助。这样，我就能按时完成论文了。">If I encounter any problems, I can ask the professors for help. This way, I am able to finish my papers on time. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="然而，如果我等到最后期限，我可能无法按时提交，由于时间有限，这可能会影响我的成绩。">However, if I wait until the deadline, I might not be able to submit them on time due to the limited time, which could hurt my grades.</span>

**14 打工赚钱买买买**
**Share a house with other people or rent a house alone.**
<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我更喜欢和别人合住一所房子，因为这样可以帮我省钱。">Well, I prefer to share a house with other people because it helps me save money. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="作为一名大学生，我没有太多的钱，不得不做兼职工作来维持收支平衡。">As a college student, I don't have much money and have to do part-time jobs to make ends meet. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="通过合租房子，我可以和其他人分摊房租，这样我就可以省钱了。省下来的钱可以用在更好的用途上，比如买书和其他生活必需品。">By sharing a house, I can split the rent with others, allowing me to save money. The money saved can be used for better purposes, like buying books and other necessities. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="另一方面，如果我自己租房子，我可能需要花更多的时间做兼职工作，这肯定会使我累了。">On the other hand, if I rent a house by myself, I might need to spend more time doing part-time jobs, which would definitely make me tired.</span>

**15 合作社交踢足球**
**Kids who take part in team sports have better social abilities**
Well,<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我同意参加团队运动的孩子可以发展更好的社交技能的说法。"> I agree with the statement that kids who play team sports can develop better social skills. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="这是因为像篮球或足球这样的运动需要很多互动和交流，孩子们经常玩这些运动。">This is because sports like basketball or football involve a lot of interaction and communication, and kids often play them. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="例如，在踢足球时，孩子们必须一起努力，想出不同的策略来赢得比赛。他们还需要互相练习长或短传。">For example, when playing football, kids have to work together to come up with different strategies to win the game. They also need to practice making long or short passes to each other. </span>T<span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="在这个过程中，他们彼此交谈和沟通很多，这可以显著提高他们的社交技能。">hroughout this process, they talk and communicate with each other a lot, which can significantly improve their social skills.</span>

**16 学习艺术有意思**
**Talk about your favorite subject at school.**
Well, <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="我真的很喜欢艺术史，因为我觉得这门课很有趣。教授在课堂上介绍了许多有关不同艺术家的精彩人生故事。">I really like art history because I find this course very interesting. The professor introduces lots of fascinating life stories about different artists in the class.</span> <span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="例如，在一堂艺术史课上，我的教授谈到一位名叫亨利 · 达格尔的画家，他年轻时没有朋友。">For example, in one of the art history classes, my professor talked about a painter named Henry Darger, who had no friends when he was young. </span><span class="cloze-span" data-cloze-hint="那时，他很难画出人物，所以他从杂志上剪下图片，贴在自己的画作背景上。我觉得挺有意思的。">At that time, he had a hard time drawing human figures, so he cut pictures from magazines and pasted them onto his own backgrounds in his paintings. I thought that was pretty interesting.</span>